#Design Issue
My code was actually one of the pieces of code that was put on the board in class, so I knew exactly what I wanted to refactor (aka everything that was pooped on in class). I changed the General controls and only used them where I thought there was good reason to. I initially had structured it the that it was because I wanted to apply css to each individual control, but I can also do this in GUIGenerator, which I ended up doing. And then I separated out the Navigation class into different Menus and didn't use enums. I also separated out the colors and shapes and made inheritance hierarchies for each of them.
#Why new version is better
I definitely think that pulling up my code in class was helpful (albeit very embarrassing). I think that the changes I made definitely helped the design of the project. I think I ended up using inheritance in a more productive way. There were tradeoffs though. For example, I had to put all the css IDs into a large GUIGenerator class, but it was much less roundabout code. It was also confusing to separate out the shapes and the colors into different inheritance hierarchies and I don't know if the way that I approached that was appropriate. But that being said, I definitely hope that the updated version is better, although I am still unclear about how to write wrapper classes for buttons and labels (I kept those as wrapper classes because there were two "types" of buttons/labels that I needed, so I made an inhertiance hierarchy for them).
#Commit link
https://git.cs.duke.edu/CompSci308_2016Fall/cellsociety_team22/commit/8942023b1039330ff0b19d529f0180a6c44d8434
https://git.cs.duke.edu/CompSci308_2016Fall/cellsociety_team22/commit/fedc20164153944e50e668f59d08d3ab767692c7